[META]
chunk_type: text
source_file: Loading creation.pdf
category: LOADING
total_pages: 9
[/META]

[PAGE 1]
Loading creation
Feature accessible from the addition button of the ribbon, in the Loading window.
The following entry form will then be displayed on the screen.
The characteristics of a load are divided into several tabs:
1.Transportation
2.Documentation
3.Dock organization
4.Traceability
5.Mapping
6.Additional info
The user can create a new load :
1.Select one from the list of templates: all the information saved for the chosen
template will then be specified in the corresponding fields. (See section Save as
template)
2.Create a new loading code
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 2]
General information should be entered in the upper part of the window. It defines:
1.The loading site
2.The carrier
3.The loading model used for the creation of the loading
4.Loading date
5.Loading code
6.The description of the load
The banner containing these general information remains available for each of the
screens dedicated to the different tabs that characterize a load.
Transport
Default home screen, the Transport tab offers the user direct access to all the
information related to the transport of the load:
1.Transport comments: allows you to enter comments
2.Transport mode (Air, Sea etc.)
3.Freight forwarder: must be defined at third party level
4.Place and date of loading: defined at site level
5.Place and date of boarding: defined at the site level
6.Place and date of unloading: defined at site level
7.Place and date of delivery: defined at the level of the place
This information available for the searches of the different places is configured at the
level of the user.
Documentation
In this screen, the user has access to all the documentary information related to a load:
1.The Incoterm
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 3]
2.The place incoterm
3.The language: defined in the transport settings
4.Transport reference: free information
5.Transport doc number
6.Notified to: defined at third party level
Dock organisation
In this screen, the user has access to all organizational information related to a
shipment:
1.Loading dock
2.Load duration
3.Deposition area
4.Schedule code
5.Provision time
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 4]
6.Appointment date
7.Location sorter (sorting lane before loading)
When selecting the dock, SpeedWMS displays all the appointments already registered
for the available docks:
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 5]
Traceability
This tab is used to enter all the loading performance data:
1.Truck arrival date and time
2.Truck departure date and time
3.License plates
4.Drivers name
5.Filling
6.Controller
7.The person who loads
Mapping
This tab allows you to enter information that will display the load delivery route on a
Google map:
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 6]
1.Loading site
2.Date and time of departure
3.Top return site
4.Average time per delivery (in min)
5.Information related to the last position of the truck (normally entered by interface):
.Latitude
.Longitude
.Date and time of transmission of information
If this tab is not filled in, the default values of the mapping will be taken into account.
Additional info.
This tab enables to see additional information linked with the load.
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 7]
Once created (and only in creation), the load can be saved as a model (template) via the
dedicated option in the contextual menu.
In this case, it can be used to create a new load:
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 8]
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 9]
The loadings can also be subject to various operations. It is indeed possible to schedule
specific billable tasks for a selected load in the loads window. For more information,
please consult the dedicated section to this feature: Miscellaneous operations.
Sensitivity: Internal