[META]
chunk_type: text
source_file: Introduction.pdf
category: PACKAGING
total_pages: 4
[/META]

[PAGE 1]
Introduction - Packaging
The Packaging Management module is used to manage exchanges and management of
packaging stocks(used for transport) between the different partners.
This is a licensed module.
The term "Packaging" is used in logistics to designate all the packaging exchanged
through the flows made between the different partners. The type of packaging (EUR
CHEP pallets, shelves, bins, etc.) makes it possible to identify the packaging.
The packaging supporting the goods delivered to a warehouse is placed on
consignment:
• At loading : the supplier deposits X number of pieces of equipment with the carrier.
The carrier is obliged to return all the equipment it has received. This can be done
immediately upon loading or afterwards. The consignment voucher will then make it
possible to record the flows of packaging in progress.
• On delivery: the principle remains the same, the carrier records the number of pieces
of packaging delivered to the recipient, as well as the number of pieces that the latter
has returned to him.
The management of the packaging consists in monitoring the exchanges of packaging
between the three partners mentioned.
For this, it is essential to master certain concepts before using the module.
Packaging accounts
The packaging accounts represent the different third parties that interact in the logistics
environment that we manage.
Two types of packaging accounts exist:
.External accounts: represent all external third parties with which exchanges take
place. These will essentially be carriers, suppliers and consignees.
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 2]
.Internal accounts: represent the stock of equipment for the logistics sites managed by
SpeedWMS (or another ERP).
In general there is one account per site. However, for service providers it is common for
pallet stocks to be separated by customer; in this case several accounts are created.
There may also be breakage and loss of equipment. Inventories and adjustment
operations must therefore be carried out. Packaging purchases can also be made from
“Packaging Merchants”. These operations will be recorded on a dedicated third-party
account, of the external type.
Management of the packaging accounts
The management of packaging accounts allows each participant to determine at any
time and for each type of packaging:
.- The number of packaging that each partner owes him
.- The number of packaging he owes to each partner
.- Committed stock of tackle on handling units
.- The free stock of packaging he has left on site
.- The valuation of the various stocks of packaging
Several solutions exist to settle accounts with partners:
➢Packaging are due to a partner:
.It is possible to trigger a delivery of packaging, if we have free stock
.Bills can be received for packagings, if there is no free stock. A market price exists for
each type of packaging and for each partner.
➢• A partner owes us equipment:
.- The partner can have the equipment he needs delivered.
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 3]
.- The packaging can be invoiced to the partner. Transfer prices are negotiated between
the partners for each type of packaging.
SpeedWMS’ default currency is the Euro, but it can be changed. (Access: System /
Global settings / Miscellaneous section / Language)
Packaging movements
Each of the packaging account management solutions will be subject to an account-to-
account movement of packaging: an entry on the first account generates an exit on the
second, and vice versa.
Specialized third-party accounts generate various movements which therefore do not
appear in the packaging movements.
The movement type determines the file from which the movement was generated:
▪A receiving
▪Order preparation
▪An expedition
For example, an packaging movement resulting from a reception will be identified by the
reception number.
The status indicates whether the movement is validated or simply entered (040 or 010).
Indeed, the input operations will directly initialize the movements. We can make
mistakes and therefore adjust until validation.
This allows you to update the packaging counters.
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 4]
Sensitivity: Internal