[META]
chunk_type: text
source_file: Transfer to advanced preparation area.pdf
category: ORDER PREPARATION
total_pages: 3
[/META]

[PAGE 1]
Transfer to advanced preparation area
Function in particular called "management of dynamic pickings" or management of
transfers to an advanced preparation area.
Allows to organize transfers of goods from a reserve area to a preparation area
according to order needs.
It is possible to configure each preparation channel and save the configuration.
Accessible via the menu System / Global / Preparation Module / Advanced Preparation
tab
.Preparation channel: calculation of the need only takes into account orders with a
standard preparation line (STD).
.Origin stock area: Current stock location.
.Destination area: area to which the stock will be moved.
.Search rule: allows you to select the search rule from those defined upstream in the
activity (see section dedicated to creating a location search rule).
.Item family: possibility of taking into account only a selected item family.
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 2]
.Horizon (Nb days): number of days of taking into account on the portfolio of the orders
in entry.
.Depth / Coverage (Nb days): average quantity per day of all items in the order portfolio
multiplied by the number of days of coverage.
.Maximum SU to take into account: when calculating the quantity to generate, allows
you to define the maximum NAV among those recorded in the article master record.
There is no consistency check at the search rule level on the fields defined between the
advanced preparation parameters. The system will first determine the moveable stock
in the origin area, and then apply the search rule to move it to the destination area. If the
search rule is incorrectly defined, no movement will be generated.
Accessible via the Preparation / ZPA Transfer:
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 3]
The selection of the preparation sector enables to recall all the criteria recorded during
configuration.
It will simply be a question of validating.
This validation will have the following consequences at the stock level:
.Modification of the search rule then launch of the search to supply the intended
location.
.Search date and time feed.
.Changed support status to 03.
No support burst. The displacement of complete supports is foreseen.
At the end of the transfer generation (stock with support status in 03), the system
automatically schedules the generated transfers. This scheduling must be done only in
the case of a management on the horizon, that is to say on the portfolio of orders in
entry.
The RF OPERATOR transaction is then used to carry out the transfers.
Sensitivity: Internal