Areas
The locations declared in the warehouse mapping must be grouped together in the form
of zones in order to be able to be used in the various Speed processes, whether it be
reception / storage, preparation or even inventory. .
There are several types of zones under Speed, each with a specific use.
Note: Speed zones are multi-activities in the same way as locations, ie a zone created
under the environment will be available regardless of the activity to which the operator
connects.
Zone type SPEED code Description
Storage area STK
Is used for location search.
This type of zone can integrate any type of location.
Non-exclusive (the same location can belong to several different storage areas).
Stock picking area PRS
Is used for launches in preparation of orders (service on stock / control of the
available).
This type of zone can integrate any type of location including picking (for
availability).
Non-exclusive (the same location can belong to several different inventory
picking areas).
Picking area on PRP
picking Is used for launches in preparation of orders (picking service).
This type of zone can only integrate picking type locations.
The picking will be implemented in this type of area.
Non-exclusive (the same location can belong to several different picking zones).
Preparation RPR
staging area Is used for launches in preparation of orders to allow for mission breaks
according to the physical characteristics of the warehouse.
Exclusive (the same location can only belong to a single preparation grouping
area).
Sensitivity: InternalDynamic picking PID
area Will be used to process dynamic picking.
Exclusive (a single location can only belong to a single dynamic picking area).
Advanced picking PIA
area Will be used to treat preparation slabs.
Inventory area INV
Is used to make breaks and selections on inventories.
Exclusive (a single location can only belong to a single inventory area).
Forklift Operator CAR
Zone Is used for and by the driver's radio frequency module, in order to offer the
operator a list of supports to be moved from or to the selected driver zone
Non-exclusive (the same location can belong to several driver-type zones).
Compensation CPS
zone Is used on rotating inventory processes, in order to position any deviations on a
compensation zone.
Workshop area ATL
Is used to define a production area used in the management of production
orders.
Exclusive (a single location can only belong to a single workshop area).
Activity zone ACT
Is used to restrict the viewing of locations to an activity. This prevents entry of a
location for an activity other than the current one.
The name of this zone must be exactly the name of the activity.
Non-exclusive (the same location can belong to several activities).
Pick to Light Zone P2L
Is used in the context of pick to light samples.
Non-exclusive (the same location can belong to several different pick to light
zones).
Staging area CHE
Is used to define a picking path.
Non-exclusive (the same location can belong to different traverse zones).
Sensitivity: InternalSensitivity: Internal