Creation of receipt lines
Once the header generated, it will be necessary to add the various receipt lines. Each
receipt line will correspond to a storage medium to be put into stock.
The entry will be made using the New receipt line field in the centre of the screen:
Adding a new receipt line will require at least three information:
.The item code
.The quantity to be received
.The quality of the goods to be received
If the goods to be put into stock do not manage any particular traceability criteria, or do
not require the entry of other elements, the simplified entry of a new receipt line may be
used. Failing this, it will be necessary to go through the detailed form for entering a
receipt line.
So there are different ways to add receipt lines.
Regardless of how a line is added :
.The item code must exist. It will not be possible to receive a product that is not the
subject of an article sheet under speed.
.The displayed quantity will always be returned in units per storage medium
.The default quality on receipt will be that specified on the item sheet or that of the
default activity
.Traceability information (lot1, lot2, DLC, DLUO, etc.) will be mandatory for the articles
managing them. This will depend on the configuration of each item sheet.
.The owner: by default it is automatically populated when the item or activity has an
owner defines; the owner from the item sheet takes precedence over that of the activity
whether it is a receipt or a return of goods. If no owner is defined, the selection of the
Sensitivity: Internaldefault owner is done via the window for selecting third parties presenting all the third
parties designated as being able to be owners.
➢Direct addition
It is possible to enter the item code directly if it is known in the code field. The quality
and quantity to add to the receipt will be entered in the same way:
➢Addition by research of the article code
It is possible to search for the item code among the repository integrated under the
activity. Right click in the Code field the input line will allow Search for an article:
The list of items attached to the supplier of the receipt will then appear. By checking the
box All Suppliers, it will be possible to display the full list, including the items that are
not assigned to the supplier of the current receipt:
Sensitivity: InternalSelecting an item from this list will enable to fill in automatically the code field. All that
remains is to specify the quality and quantity to add to the line:
➢By adding a grid pattern
It is possible to add receipt lines from the item templates registered in the activity. The
contextual menu in the Code field gives an access to the
Sensitivity: InternalThis option allows access to the list of item templates existing in the activity:
Selecting the template will allow access to the window for creating/entering items
ingate:
It is then possible to enter the item quantities for each reference:
.The quantity can be entered in the All column: this allows you to add an order line for
each of the references having the main characteristic in common, and this, with an
identical quantity
.The quantity can be entered individually for each reference
Sensitivity: InternalOnce the quantity is validated, the receipt lines are saved and displayed in the
tab Management of the window for creating the receipt :
All that remains is to generate the stock.
Sensitivity: Internal➢Addition by the detailed entry form
Double-click on the field Code will allow access to the detailed form for adding a
receipt line:
This detailed entry allows direct access to all the fields that can be filled in for a receipt
line. Even if the stock unit is always brought back in units, the quantity to be received
can be entered in the different logistic variants activated on the selected article. The
fields concerning the traceability information will be accessible in entry if the selected
article manages them. In this case, they will be mandatory.
Regardless of the input mode used, validation will create the corresponding line within
the receipt. At least one line will be added, corresponding to a storage medium to be put
into storage.
The management of the support break can also allow a global quantity entry with
splitting on as many storage media as necessary, see the following paragraph.
Sensitivity: InternalThe lines thus added will be saved under the reception, but will not be immediately
available in stock. It will be necessary to proceed beforehand to the Stock generation,
see corresponding paragraph. This is recalled by the field Tick stock input which will
always take the value 0 by default.
For the time being, therefore, there will be no stock entry movement associated with the
various receipt lines. Whether this reception is associated with a supplier order in the
list of expected items, these will not yet be considered as consumed, the actual
consumption taking place when the stock entry movement is recorded.
Via the contextual menu, these lines can therefore be modified or deleted without any
impact on the Speed history.
➢Addition by Import Excel
From icon Excel import, it is possible to create receipt lines by importing an Excel table.
The latter must contain only three columns and in the following order: item code,
quantity, quality code.
Sensitivity: InternalThe right column Unknown item code displays all the items entered that do not exist in
Speed.
the top Import first line specifies whether the first line pasted should be treated and
embedded as a receive line.
The Printing button allows you to view the data in the lower part of the screen as it will
be imported.
The validation button launches the import of data and creates the associated receipt
lines.
It is possible to modify the reception platform on the header of the latter.
When entering the following lines, a confirmation message appears asking the user if:
1.Lines already entered remain unchanged
2.Or if the receiving dock needs to be updated
Sensitivity: InternalSensitivity: Internal