Customization of the screens
The vast majority of screens of SpeedWMS have configurable user views. All the
elements (data type, layout, filter, etc.) constituting the results table used by the user
are called a « View ».
Depending on the activated rights, each Speed user can define, for each feature, his
own views according to the elements he needs.
The view is user-specific by default. Thus the screen views can be different from one
employee to another.
The configuration of any view is available with the settings button :
Sensitivity: InternalThe screen is divided into three parts :
.On the left, the list of the tables in which it is possible to select an information to add to
the current view. Double-clicking on a table expands its tree structure and displays the
list of all the elements.
.On the right, the list of the information currently present in the view :
-The upper part displays an insight of the screen once validated
-The lower part, provides information concerning the selected element (with black
background).
It is thus possible to customize the titles and adapt the layout for each element
displayed.
The list of tables in which it is possible to choose the different information differs
according to the functionality being configured.
It is possible to filter the search for items by entering a keyword in the Filter field. For
each table, the list of elements containing the entered term appears, facilitating the
search:
➢Adding an element to the current view
Sensitivity: InternalA click on after the selection of the line to add to the table, enable to add
its column to the table.
A double-click on the element in the left list also enables to add it to the view current
view.
The element is added, by default, in the very last position.
➢Deleting an element from the current view
Selection of the column corresponding to the element to be deleted in the upper right
part, and click on to delete the information from the current view.
Sensitivity: InternalIt is possible to organize the display order of the different elements by directly moving
the columns in the desired display order.
Note : Usually, the first information is the unique registration key for SpeedWMS. This
information is necessary for the proper functioning of SpeedWMS. And it is not possible
to delete or move it. However, it is possible to hide it (see advanced customization).
Sensitivity: Internal