Functional coverage
The warehouse management is realized by location. It allows to carry out the steps of
goods input, stock keeping (including inventory), preparation and shipping.
SpeedWMS can be configured to enable the management of both fairly simple and
more complex processes (multi - activities with different management rules, burst
preparation, setting up of the radio frequency, etc.).
➢Warehouse topography
Management by location
Management of all types of locations, different types of areas (dock, reception,
preparation, inventory, etc.)
Classic stock visualization
Automatic location search module
➢Setting
Multi clients
Multi languages
5 packaging levels per item
Configuration of traceability monitoring modes (batch, FIFO, etc.)
Configuration of third parties with the notion of main supplier
Setting the delivery days
Setting up delivery routes
Prioritization of articles and third parties
Configuration of preparation modes (preparation circuit): impact on the generation of
preparation missions, preparation documents and validation processes
Sensitivity: InternalUser and rights settings
Configuration of edits and orientations to printers
➢Receiving
Simple receipt process
Possible management of reception expectations
Quantitative and qualitative control
Identification and labeling
Receipt in paper mode or radio frequency
Automatic addressing possible
Run-of-the-river or cadenced reception
Generating receipts by interface
Sending or receiving information (fax, EDI, email)
➢Inventory management
Global vision of the stock according to various criteria (supplier, quality, condition, etc.)
View of the stock by item with possible filters
Stock detail by item and associated movements
Unit or global modification functions of the selections made
Management of various movements
View of the stock by location with possible filters
Vision of the stock in progress (in stock, blocked, expected, in receipt, on order, in
preparation, available etc.)
Sensitivity: Internal➢Order preparations
Management of order interfaces Organization of preparation by unit or by wave
according to grouping criteria (recipients, customers, distribution points, etc.)
Editing of fully mock-up preparation lists
Optimization of handling by type of flow
Visualization of orders according to selection criteria (dates, customers, carrier, etc.)
Replenishment of picking locations
➢Shipment management
Fully mockable paper or electronic transport documents and delivery notes (EDI, email)
Possibility to follow the progress of preparations by grouping, by tour
Possibility of managing the progress of the preparation by pallet, independently of the
preparation criterion
Possibility of viewing delivery routes on a geographical map, with precise deadlines
➢Inventory
Creation of inventories (choice of zones, locations, items, etc.)
Generation of inventory statements
Administrative or radio frequency seizure
Generation of deviations
Validation and updating of stocks
Sensitivity: Internal➢Complementary functions
Radio module (reception, storage, preparation, replenishment, picking, inventory,
packing, goods call, declaration of production and consumption, etc.)
Interfaces module
Automatic location search module
Sensitivity: Internal