Glossary
Terms Explanations
Activity This concept makes it possible to separate the management in the same warehouse of several activities, trades or customers. The following elements are
attached to an activity:
.the items
.the thirds
.receptions
.the orders
.the management rules associated with the receiving, storage and preparation processes.
CAB Bar codes
Classification For articles and third parties, SpeedWMS can manage up to 999 families, each of which can contain up to 5 tree levels.
Example of item classification :
.Level 1: “Family” classification
oLevel 2: Consumer articles
▪Level 3: Catalog items
▪Level 3: Other items
.Level 2: Professional articles
▪Level 3: Items type 1
.Level 4: Items type 1.1
▪Level 3: Items type 2
....
.Level 1: Classification « Dangerous »;
oLevel 2: Safe
oLevel 2: Dangerous
.Level 3: Toxic
.Level 3: Mortal
Use of the notion of classification :
.Statistics
.Criteria for generating preparation missions
.Specific programs (edition, etc.)
Installation A 3 characters code, associated with each location, or a group of locations in the warehouse.
key
The installation key is present on the location label. In radiofrequency procedures, the use of the pose key allows the movements to be validated.
Sensitivity: InternalDFAB Manufacturing date (Manuf. Date)
DLC Use By Date (UBD)
DLUO Best Before Date (BBD)
DLV Sale By Date (SBD)
Mission Grouping of direct sampling lines.
In SpeedWMS, there are preparation missions and picking replenishment missions.
Item SpeedWMS enables to define a management mode for each item, which means that :
management
.the traceability elements of related to this article (which must be declared upon receipt)
mode
.stock rotation criteria
Example: Item managed with a UBD, for which the stock rotation will be done as a first criterion on the UBD then as a second criterion on the date of entry into
stock.
Stock SpeedWMS keeps track of all changes made to an item in stock (receipt, put away, change in quantity, medium or location, out of stock, etc.)
movements Each movement is characterized by:
.a movement number (unique)
.operation number (several movements can have the same operation number, in the case of a compensation; Example: a quality change results in an output
movement of one quality and an entry movement on the new quality )
a transaction number: computer transaction number that generated the movement
code of the user that generates the modification
date and time of movement
movement specific information
Sampling The act of picking up a given quantity of a given item at a given location.
In SpeedWMS, a direct sampling corresponds to a mission line.
Quality Nature of the goods in stock.
Examples: Standard, Second choice, Derated, Anomaly, etc.
The different qualities are defined for an activity.
SPCB Under-By-how much.
Term used to define a sub-packaging in a package.
Example: A package containing 2 SPCB of 12 units each.
Support In SpeedWMS, all goods in stock are on a support, identified by a unique number.
Third These are the different actors of the warehouse :
.Providers
.The recipients
.Carriers
.Contacts
Traceability All information relating to the history of a stock line
The traceability criteria managed in SpeedWMS are:
.The date of entry into stock
.The UBD
.The SBD
.The BBD
.The Manuf. Date
Sensitivity: Internal.3 batches (Batch1, Batch2 and Batch3)
Wave Grouping of several sales orders in order to launch them in preparation at the same time.
Stock Unit The SUs of an item are the different packaging levels in which the item appears in the warehouse: units, packs, parcel, layer, pallet.
(SU) For each SU, SpeedWMS enables to manage:
.A packaging code “carton”, “box”, “canister”, etc.
.A weight
.A volume
.One or more identifier(s)
.The constitution of the SU = quantity of SU of lower level (e.g .: a parcel consists of 48 units)
Sensitivity: Internal