Items
Functionality accessible from the menu Settings / Items
Access to the functionality allows you to display the list of the various article references
that have been declared on the Speed environment. It is then possible to:
.Create new items
.Modify the properties of one or more existing item
.Delete (not without certain constraints) one or more existing item
.Import items
The display of the items is triggered by the button Refresh and is subjected to the
various filters possibly positioned on the available criteria.
Double clicking on a reference displays the detail of the item file. This is made up of
different tabs which will be detailed later:
Sensitivity: InternalThe tabs which modules are subject to license are also available are grayed in the
picture. But when the corresponding settings are activated, these tabs are available
in order to allow the management of specific items .
For example, here, when the alcohol management is activated for the item, the Alcohol
tab becomes accessible :
Sensitivity: InternalIn the view of the list of items, a click on the button New allows the creation of a new
item: a window presenting this same item file that must be filled in will be opened.
It is also possible to import Items from an .XLS, .XLSX or .CSV file.
The General information give the details of the information related to the item. This
informative header of the item file remains visible regardless of the tab selected:
.Activity:non-modifiable element corresponding to the Speed activity for which the
item was created and will be managed.
.Customer account: an item can be linked to a customer account.
.Customer item code: possibility of recording the reference to which the item
corresponds to the customer.
.Internal Code: unique identifier of the item Can be alphanumeric (35 characters
maximum). Cannot be modified after creation of the item master record.
.Long designation: long description of the product which will be used by default in the
various standard editions of SPEEDwms. Can be alphanumeric (128 characters
maximum).
.Short designation: short description of the product which will be used mainly on the
various radio screens. Can be alphanumeric (15 characters maximum).
.Status: current status to be chosen from a list (Active by default / Deactivated / End of
life / New). An item in the Disabled status cannot, for example, be received or integrated
into an order to be prepared.
Sensitivity: Internal.Last inventory date: automatic update during an inventory carried out on the
reference.
.Main supplier: possibility of associating a third party of the Supplier type. The choice
will be made from the list of third parties who have been declared for the activity.
Selecting an item line from the list of items displayed also allows you to access all 4
functionalities, additional informations, Diverse operations, Documents, Events.
It allows you to schedule specific billable tasks for an item. For more information,
please see the section dedicated to this feature: Diverse operations.
Sensitivity: Internal