Location search
Functionality accessible from the menu Settings/ Locations /Location search
Speed can suggest the optimal destination location for each stock medium in relation
to the defined rules and criteria.
It is under this functionality that the different rules will be set which represent the
algorithm that Speed will have to follow in order to be able to offer a location to the
operator.
Accessing this menu displays the list of different location search rules that have been
declared on the Speed environment.
It will then be possible to:
.Create new search rules.
.Modify the properties of an existing rule.
.Delete (not without certain constraints) an existing rule.
Sensitivity: InternalIt is possible to define several location search rules for the same activity. Each location
search rule is structured as sequences, and each sequence has a method:
.Search location in structure: Allows you to search for the first empty slot in a storage
area.
.Search as close as possible to picking: allows you to find the first empty location of a
storage zone closest to the picking location of the reference concerned.
.Search by complement: allows you to search for a location already occupied by the
same item reference.
.Fixed search: returns a fixed location as result.
.Free search: specific method to meet specific needs that would not be covered by
conventional sequences. Can only be configured by BK Systems teams.
These are only the outlines of these methods, each of them being able to be specified
with a whole series of criteria to limit their field of application (classification, size,
quality, weight, etc.).
It is quite possible to mix all the methods within a single search location.
In the same way, several different sequences, but using the same method, can be
positioned within the same rule.
Sensitivity: InternalNote: During the location search, the different sequences are executed in the order in
which they were defined within the rule. A sequence can only have two possible
outcomes:
.No location was found: go to the next sequence if it exists, otherwise end of location
search.
.A location has been found: location proposed to the operator and end of location
search.
It is therefore necessary to always configure these sequences in such a way as to carry
out the finest searches in priority in order to possibly expand them during the following
sequences.
These different rules are then possibly attached to the Speed item sheets.
Sensitivity: Internal