Receipt generation from an exp. item
This operation allows, in addition to associating the expected with a receipt, to directly
generate the corresponding receipt lines.
The receipt is created by purchase order by purchase order. Regardless of the number of
expected lines selected, it is always the entire purchase order that will be returned to
the processing screen. It will not be possible to process several purchase orders at
once, the operation must be repeated for each of them.
This feature is accessible from the context menu expected:
All the lines of the purchase order will then be brought back to the screen:
The information that can be modified are those highlighted in yellow.
Sensitivity: InternalFor each expected line corresponding to goods received, it is necessary to check the
quantity to be returned to stock, to modify it if necessary, and to tick the box TG (“ To
generate”) to indicate Speed that the line is to be treated within the framework of the
reception.
Lines that have already been received are automatically ticked G(“generated”), and
cannot be modified.
In the event that one of the items manages the variable weight, it is necessary to specify
the total weight of the expected quantity:
It is possible to process in reception a quantity lower than the expected quantity, the
expected line will in this case be split to keep a remainder which will be received later.
Sensitivity: InternalThe validation button allows to proceed to the receipt generation stage when all the
lines to be processed have been completed and possibly modified.
The different validation options will then appear:
Sensitivity: InternalRefer to the chapter dealing with the different stages of a reception for more details on
the stock generation and editing options.
The expected lines are received and managed according to the settings chosen in the
previous screen:
Sensitivity: InternalIf additional information were saved for the expected items from which the receipt was
generated, if the inheritance of the additional information is activated, or if the
inheritance mapping was made, the user will find them again in the generated receipt.
Sensitivity: Internal