Stock generation
As mentioned in the previous step, all the receipt lines added will not be available in
stock until they have been generated.
The effective generation or not will be recalled by the information Top stock input
present at the end of each line on the default screen settings.
This can take 2 values :
.0: the line is added to the receipt, but is not generated. He there is no movement
associated with this line, the medium in question cannot be taken into consideration in
the following logistics flows
.1: the line is generated in stock. There is therefore an associated entry movement. All
the exp. Items have been consumed up to the received quantity. The goods now is in
stock, the storage support can be supported in the following logistics flows:
In order to be able to generate the stock, it will be necessary to select the lines to be
processed. A Select All button is available at the bottom of the window to possibly
simplify the selection.
Sensitivity: InternalOnce the lines to be processed have been selected, the Generate stock button the
available at the bottom of the window will allow to create the stock and the input
movements associated with each line, thus consuming any associated exp. items. At
the end of the operation, all the selected lines will therefore see their Top stock
input changed to 1:
Sensitivity: InternalThe supports will be generated on the receiving dock location selected at header level,
in a status that will determine whether or not they are in place. This status code will
depend on the configuration of the activity and can take two different values here :
.01: support is considered to be in place and is therefore immediately available for order
picking or sampling.
.02: the medium is considered to be waiting to be moved to a location. He will not be
available for release order preparation as long as the storage step has not been
processed
The lines thus generated will be available under the Storage tab of the receipt form :
A receipt line generated in stock can no longer be modified or deleted.
Sensitivity: Internal