Thirds
Functionality accessible from the Settings / Thirds.
In SpeedWMS, the term “Third”(for third party), includes the notions of Supplier, Carrier,
Recipient, Contact, and Site.
The three main tiers are used during the various processes that it will be possible to
implement under Speed:
.Suppliers: receiving process, return, property management, supplier purchase orders
(expectations of receipt), etc.
.Carriers: shipping management process, transport plan, edition of transport labels,
etc.
.Recipients : order preparation process, reservation management, etc.
The Contact is not used in the logistics process, but simply allows a contact to be
associated with a case in case management.
The Site is a concept that exists at the loading level, to define the starting and ending
points of carrier rounds.
Access to the feature allows you to display the list of the different thirds declared on the
Speed environment:
Sensitivity: InternalThese thirds are organized as of tabs :one for each type of main third and a common tab
grouping all the thirds. The navigation opens by default on the tab All.
It is then possible to:
.Create new thirds
.Modify the properties of an existing third
.Delete (not without certain constraints) an existing third
.Import thirds
The Third form mask remains the same regardless of the type of third.
When creating a new tier, Speed infers the tier type based on the tab the operator is on.
If the operator views the tab All, an additional window appears to select the type of third
to create :
Description of the third sheet :
Sensitivity: InternalActivity :non-modifiable element, corresponds to the Speed activity for which the third
was created and will be managed.
Coded :unique identifier of the third. Can be alphanumeric (15 characters maximum).
Name :designation of the third (50 characters maximum.
Only the Code and the Name are mandatory in the creation of a third form.
Each third file is organized in the form of tabs:
.Delivery address
.Delivery settings
.Classification
.Remarks
.Additional information
.Miscellaneous
. Transfer (only available in the tab dedicated to the Recipients)
Sensitivity: InternalTo these basic tabs, some new tabs related to SpeedWMS modules subject to licensing
can be added; such as the management of alcohol or hazardous materials, for example:
Sensitivity: Internal