Unit creation
It is possible to create new locations in a unitary manner :
.The warehouse : alphanumeric of 6 characters maximum
.The aisle: alphanumeric of 3 characters maximum
.The column: alphanumeric of 3 characters maximum
.The level: alphanumeric of 3 characters maximum
.The slot : alphanumeric of 3 characters maximum
Among these 5 characters only the notions of store and all they are mandatory.
.The location field is used to define the name of the location to create. This is defined by
default (concatenation of all the characteristics previously defined) but it is possible to
modify it as desired. Alphanumeric type data with a maximum of 25 characters.
.Site: allows you to link the location to the one of the defined sites
.Template: possibility of specifying the template code to assign to the location
(selection from the list of template codes defined in the environment). Template
management is not imperative. Failing this, a Standard template code (STD) will be
allocated to the different locations. Ability to use this criterion in automatic location
search rules.
.Class: possibility to specify the class of the location (A, B or C. B by default). Optional
concept which can be included in the automatic location search rules.
Sensitivity: Internal.Type: allows you to define the nature of a location from a predefined list (platform /
ground / structure / relay).
.Picking Y/N: defines whether the location is picking type or not.
.Multi-mode-reference: determines whether the slot can accommodate several media
with different references (Yes, by default), whether it is forbidden to store several media
with different references (No),or whether to notify the operator in the event of storage of
several supports of different references (Warning).
.Weight management: defines whether or not weight is taken into account in the various
calculations. If so, the various maximum weights must be entered in kg in the
corresponding fields. This is used when moving goods and makes it possible to block
any movement whose weight exceeds the maximum authorized load thanks to a
warning message.
.Dimensions of the arm: possibility to specify the different dimensions. These fields can
be used as criteria in the various location search rules implemented.
.Consideration of the location in the calculation of the occupancy rate: possibility of
taking into account or not the location created during calculation of the occupancy rate.
.Walkable : allows you to define whether the level will have to be confirmed when
storing on the radio.
Sensitivity: Internal