Zone scheduling
All locations assigned to a zone have a serial number within the zone. This sequence
number makes it possible to establish a hierarchy between the locations of an area, and
can, for example, be used for sorting preparation slips, storage slips or even inventory
lists.
Basically, this sequence number corresponds to the order in which the slots have been
assigned to the zone. It may therefore be necessary to act on this order number in the
case of multiple assignments or the addition of locations in the warehouse map.
SpeedWMS has a location scheduling function in order to simply perform this
operation, accessible via the Order button in the top right of the list of locations
assigned to a zone.
A click on the button give access to the following window:
Sensitivity: InternalIt is possible to configure any type of scheduling from this window, using the different
possibilities of SpeedWMS.
➢Selection of a series of locations in relation to their characteristics
Sensitivity: InternalBy filling in the different elements, it will be possible to select directly from the list all
the locations that meet the criteria, whether they are placed consecutively in the list or
not.
➢Automatic sorting in ascending / descending order of characteristics
It is here possible to define the order of priority in which the 5 location characteristics
must be processed as well as the sorting direction (ascending or descending).
The arrows on the right side of the table allow you to change the order of priority, and a
click on an arrow “sense”(In the picture)reverses the sort direction of a characteristic.
The Reverse order button reverses the order of all the characteristics; the first
characteristic becoming the last.
Once the properties have been defined, a click on the Schedule button refreshes the list
of locations with the defined sort.
➢Moving a selection of slots to a position / Reversing order on a selection
Sensitivity: InternalIn a list of selected locations, it is possible to move a location to a defined position
within this list.
➢Re-numbering the locations number
The renumbering makes it possible to renumber all the sequence numbers of the list.
The first sequence number in the list corresponds to the number entered in the field,
and the following lines will be numbered incrementally.
Note: the taking into account of the operated changes is effective only after having
saved the data (button on the lower left corner of the window).
Sensitivity: Internal