[META]
chunk_type: text
source_file: Items.pdf
category: GENERAL
total_pages: 3
[/META]

[PAGE 1]
SpeedWMS – Items Management
Purpose:
• Allows management of all item references declared in the Speed
environment.
• Supports creation, modification, deletion, and import of item records.
Access:
• Menu: Settings → Items
Available Actions:
1. Display items
o Click Refresh to view the list of items.
o Filters can be applied based on available criteria.
2. Create new item
o Click New to open the item creation window.
o Fill in the item file fields (see General Information below).
o Optionally, import items from .XLS, .XLSX, or .CSV files.
3. Modify existing item
o Double-click an item to view and edit its details.
4. Delete item
o Only possible under certain constraints to avoid data loss.
Item File – General Information:
The header remains visible regardless of the tab selected.
Field Description
Non-modifiable; corresponds to the Speed activity for which the
Activity
item was created.
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 2]
Field Description
Customer
Optional; link item to a customer account.
Account
Customer Item
Optional; record the customer reference for the item.
Code
Unique identifier (alphanumeric, max 35 characters). Cannot be
Internal Code
modified after creation.
Long Default long description (alphanumeric, max 128 characters)
Designation used in standard editions.
Short Short description (alphanumeric, max 15 characters) mainly used
Designation on radio screens.
Current status: Active (default), Deactivated, End of Life, or New.
Status
Disabled items cannot be received or added to orders.
Last Inventory
Automatically updated during inventory.
Date
Main Supplier Optional; associate a third-party supplier for the item.
Additional Functionalities:
Selecting an item also provides access to:
• Additional Information – extra details about the item.
• Diverse Operations – schedule billable tasks or other item-specific
activities.
• Documents – manage documents associated with the item.
• Events – view item-related history and logs.
Licensing-Dependent Tabs:
• Certain modules (e.g., Alcohol Management) may unlock additional tabs
when enabled.
• Example: When alcohol management is active, the Alcohol tab appears for
the item.
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 3]
Sensitivity: Internal