[META]
chunk_type: text
source_file: Mapping of the deliveries.pdf
category: LOADING
total_pages: 4
[/META]

[PAGE 1]
Mapping of the deliveries
Mapping is a licensed feature of SpeedWMS. It makes it possible to organize and
visualize the route of the goods transport trucks in an optimal way. The visualization and
calculation of routes is done by calling the Google Maps tool and therefore requires an
access key to a Google account.
The principle is to represent on a map each of the delivery points registered for a load.
The delivery points simply correspond to the addresses of the various recipients of the
orders attached to the load in question.
Mapping requires:
An access license for Google account, because it uses Windev's Google maps
management functions (Google API) to:
1.Retrieve the coordinates of an address (latitude/longitude)
2.Retrieve the map of a defined location
3.Make a request (HTTP) to communicate with a Google service
Technical settings, because the tour plan provided by the delivery map calls Google
Maps and Javascript to work, so you have to:
1.Have a Google account to obtain a Google Maps key (paid)
2.Allow https://www.google.com/maps site in default browser
3.Allow JavaScript in default browser
Functional settings, because it is necessary to fill in the information related to the
delivery map in admin:
➢At the global configuration level of the Shipping module
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 2]
•Google Maps license number: the Google Maps license key is required for displaying
the map.
•Loading site: corresponds to the default start and end points defined for the activity.
However, it will be possible to enter one directly at the loading level
•Top return site: allows to signify the return on site of the truck after the round
•Average time per delivery (mn): allows you to define the average downtime for a
delivery. Subsequently, it allows to define the departure time of each delivery point of
the tour
•Opacity / Thickness: options allowing customization of the display of the route on the
map in terms of ergonomics
➢In the delivery map section in the loading form
From the upper part of the load management window, the user must first check the
configuration of the cartography for the load.
A double click on the load gives access to its file:
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 3]
The Cartography tab allows you to edit the following information:
•Loading site
•Date and time of departure
•Site return point: allows you to indicate that the site defined will also be the carrier's
final return point.
•Average time per delivery (in mins)
The lower part is linked to the last known space-time coordinates of the transporter:
•5.Latitude
•6. Longitude
•7. Date and time
The user is free to enter this information as soon as he has it. This makes it possible to
place the truck on the map in real time and to recalculate the transit times at the
various delivery points.
If all the settings and conditions set out above are met, the user can now use the map to
view and manage delivery rounds.
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 4]
Sensitivity: Internal