[META]
chunk_type: text
source_file: Thirds.pdf
category: GENERAL
total_pages: 3
[/META]

[PAGE 1]
Thirds (Third Parties) – RAG-Friendly Version
Purpose:
Manage all third parties in SpeedWMS, including suppliers, carriers, recipients,
contacts, and sites, to support logistics, transport, and order processes.
1. Access
• Navigate via: Settings → Thirds.
• The interface displays a list of all third parties declared in the Speed
environment.
• Tabs organize the thirds:
o Suppliers
o Carriers
o Recipients
o All (common tab showing all thirds)
2. Types of Thirds
1. Suppliers – Used in:
o Receiving process
o Returns and property management
o Supplier purchase orders (expected receipts)
2. Carriers – Used in:
o Shipping management
o Transport planning
o Transport label generation
3. Recipients – Used in:
o Order preparation
o Reservation management
4. Contacts – Non-logistics related; linked to cases in case management.
5. Sites – Defines start/end points of carrier rounds for transport operations.
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 2]
3. Third Party Operations
From the Thirds interface, it is possible to:
• Create a new third
• Modify properties of an existing third
• Delete an existing third (with constraints)
• Import thirds from external files
Note: When creating a new third from the All tab, an additional window appears to
select the type of third.
4. Third Party Form Fields
Each third party has a form mask that is consistent regardless of type:
• Activity – Non-editable; indicates the Speed activity associated with the
third.
• Code – Unique identifier (alphanumeric, max 15 characters). Mandatory.
• Name – Designation of the third (max 50 characters). Mandatory.
Additional tabs may include:
• Delivery address
• Delivery settings
• Classification
• Remarks
• Additional information
• Miscellaneous
• Transfer (for Recipients only)
Licensed modules may add extra tabs, e.g., for alcohol or hazardous materials
management.
5. Usage
• Third party data is essential for all logistics operations in SpeedWMS.
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 3]
• Suppliers and recipients link to receipts and orders, while carriers and sites
support transport planning and execution.
• Proper setup ensures accurate document generation, stock handling, and
transport management.
Sensitivity: Internal