[META]
chunk_type: text
source_file: Import of expected items.pdf
category: RECEIVING GOODS
total_pages: 5
[/META]

[PAGE 1]
SOP: Import of Expected Items in Speed WMS
Sensitivity: Internal
1. Purpose
This procedure explains how to import a list of expected items into Speed WMS
using an Excel file.
Expected items are used to prepare and control incoming receipts before the
physical goods arrive.
This process is typically used by Receiving teams to preload receipt expectations.
2. Functional Scope
• Module: Receiving / Expected
• Business Object: Expected Receipt Items
• Related Tables (Database Reference):
o Expected Receipt Header: REA_DAT (depending on configuration)
o Expected Receipt Lines: REL_DAT (used when generating receipts)
o Receipt Header (after generation): REE_DAT
3. Preconditions
Before importing expected items, ensure that:
• You are logged into the correct activity (ACT_CODE)
• The supplier and customer account exist in Speed
• All item codes in the Excel file exist in the article master
• The Excel file follows the required format
4. Accessing the Import Function
1. Navigate to Receiving
2. Open the Expected menu
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 2]
3. Select an existing expected receipt or create a new one
4. Click the Import button
This action opens the Expected Items Import screen.
5. Excel File Requirements
The import is performed using an existing Excel file.
5.1 Mandatory Column Structure
The Excel file must contain the expected items data in a predefined structure (as
configured in the activity).
Typically required fields include:
• Item Code
• Expected Quantity
• Quality Code
• (Optional depending on configuration)
o Lot
o DLUO / DLC
o Owner
Important
• Item codes must exist in Speed
• Traceability fields are mandatory if managed on the item sheet
• Quantities are interpreted in units per storage medium
6. Import Process
1. Click Import
2. Browse and select the Excel file
3. Load the file into the import screen
4. Review the imported data:
o Valid item codes
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 3]
o Quantities
o Quality codes
5. Validate the import
Once validated:
• Expected item lines are created
• The expected receipt is updated with imported lines
7. System Behavior After Import
After a successful import:
• Expected items are visible under Receiving → Expected
• No stock is created at this stage
• No movement is recorded
• The data is used later when:
o Creating a receipt
o Matching received quantities against expected quantities
8. Error Handling & Validation
8.1 Common Import Errors
Error Cause Resolution
Item not found Item code does not exist Create item or correct code
Missing traceability Lot / DLUO required Update Excel file
Quantity invalid Zero or non-numeric value Correct quantity
8.2 SQL Validation (Optional – Support Use)
SELECT *
FROM REL_DAT
WHERE ACT_CODE = 'RSAJHBJP'
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 4]
AND REE_NORE = 'EXPECTED_NUMBER';
Use this query to verify that:
• Expected lines were created
• Quantities and item codes are correct
9. Best Practices
• Always validate Excel data before importing
• Use expected items to:
o Reduce receiving errors
o Speed up receipt creation
o Improve traceability accuracy
• Do not import duplicate expected lines for the same receipt
• Keep the original Excel file for audit and troubleshooting
10. RAG-Optimized Key Concepts
Concept Meaning
Expected Items Planned receipt lines before goods arrival
Import Excel-based preload of expected data
No Stock Impact Import does not generate stock
Traceability Mandatory if configured on item
Validation Ensures clean receipt creation later
11. Typical RAG Questions Answered
• How do I import expected items in Speed WMS?
• What is the Excel format for expected items?
• Does importing expected items create stock?
• Where do imported expected items appear?
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 5]
• Why does my expected item import fail?
Sensitivity: Internal