[META]
chunk_type: text
source_file: Replenishment rules management.pdf
category: REPLENISHMENT OF THE PICKING LOCATION
total_pages: 3
[/META]

[PAGE 1]
Access
• Menu: Settings / Location / Areas
• Select a picking replenishment zone (type 003) → Context menu →
Replenishment
The settings apply to all picking locations within the selected area.
Main Parameters for Picking Replenishment
1. Picking quality
o Defines the quality of items to be replenished at the picking location.
2. Areas of origin for replenishment
o Stock is taken from these areas.
o Multiple areas can be selected with priorities.
o Rule: Picking zones can only replenish from storage zones and vice
versa.
3. Picking expression unit
o Defines the unit used for picking (e.g., pallet, box).
o Converts the expression value into item stock units (SU).
4. Picking capacity
o Maximum quantity that can be picked (in picking expression units).
5. Replenishment trigger threshold
o Percentage threshold that triggers replenishment.
6. Activation if needed
o Enables replenishment if certain conditions are met.
7. Max quantity per replenishment line
o Defines the maximum quantity moved per replenishment line.
o Prevents exceeding transport limits; if blank, the entire need can be
moved at once.
8. Replenishment SU
o Specifies which stock unit (SU) to replenish.
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 2]
o Must be managed at the item master level.
o Can be replenished by package, pallet, or stock support.
9. Support
o Determines whether to replenish the entire stock support (full pallet,
bin, etc.), regardless of quantity.
Criteria for Replenishment Quantity
These determine how much to replenish:
1. Restrict to the need
o Replenish only the minimum quantity necessary.
2. Necessity replenishment
o Replenish at least one replenishment unit.
3. Saturation of the picking
o Always replenish the minimum needed to serve orders.
o Saturation only fills up to maximum picking quantity.
Note: The first three options are mutually exclusive.
4. Limit to max picking
o Ensures replenishment does not exceed the maximum picking limit.
5. Nature of replenishment
o Allows assigning a type or priority to replenishments for processing in
RF (e.g., standard, manual, scheduled).
6. Generation of transfer by forklift
o Creates transfer forecasts.
o Updates media status to 03 so operators can move stock.
Specific Sorting
• The “Specific sorting” tab controls the order in which stock lines are offered
for replenishment.
• Useful for prioritizing stock locations, oldest stock first, or specific zones.
Sensitivity: Internal

[PAGE 3]
Sensitivity: Internal